Add Sub conditions (#35)
elasticpath/elasticpath-dev: docs/rule-promotions/rule-promotions-api/item-rule-promotions/create-an-item-rule-promotion-with-sub-conditions.md

Sub conditions in Rule Promotions refer to additional criteria or conditions that must be met for a particular promotion to be applied.

For promotions applied at the item level, sub conditions are supported for: 

- `item_category`: Applies the promotion based on item category.
- `item_attributes`: Applies the promotion based on specific item attributes.
- `item_quantity`:  Applies the promotion based on the quantity of items.
- `item_sku`: Applies the promotion to specific SKUs.

When multiple sub conditions exist, they function as `and` conditions, requiring all sub conditions to be fulfilled for the promotion to be applied.

```http
https://useast.api.elasticpath.com/v2/rule-promotions
```

## Parameters

### Headers

| Name            | Required | Type     | Description                          |
|:----------------|:---------|:---------|:-------------------------------------|
| `Authorization` | Required | `string` | The Bearer token required to get access to the API. |

### Body

For descriptions about the fields, refer to [Rules Promotion API overview](/docs/commerce-cloud/rule-promotions/rule-promotions-api/rule-promotions-api-overview).

> The following request example outlines how a 50% discount applies to items that meet all the specified conditions. The maain rule is based on the cart's total value, while the sub conditions focus on item categories and attributes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following request example outlines how a 50% discount applies to items that meet all the specified conditions. The main rule is based on the cart's total value, while the sub conditions focus on item categories and attributes. 
```

Rules (`rule_set.rules.children`): Here, the sub-conditions specify the additional criteria for the promotion to apply:
 - `item_category`: Only items within a specified category are eligible.
 - `item_attribute`: Items must not have a specific attribute to qualify for the discount.

Actions (`rule_set.actions.condition`): Here, the sub conditions refines where the discount is applied, requiring further criteria:
 - `item_category`: The discount is applied only to items within a specified category.
 - `item_attribute`: Items with a specified attribute are excluded from the discount.

> This promotion setup a 50% discount applies only to items that meet all of the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This promotion sets up a 50% discount that applies only to items that meet all of the following conditions:
```
